Luo Yingxue, how dare you pretend to be a daughter of the Luo family?
Then tell me
What is the real function of these scissors?
I didn't say I was a daughter of the family
I just know Du Chenghui
As for these scissors
Yang Qingfeng
Don't you use me as a birthday tool?
Then I will cut off your bane
Let you never happen
Roy Snow, what nonsense are you talking about?
It's the other way around.
You're going to rebel, aren't you?
It's Roy Snow
How could the gifts of the Luo family be so rough?
That's the rough ratio.
Luo's family does not obey orders
And the root cause of the broken bite is
Wait a minute.
Didn't Du Chenghui ask you to listen to Miss Luo's orders?
I am the real Miss Luo
I order you to stop
Who is the real Miss Luo?
Of course it's me.
Everybody knows that.
He's just a stinky village girl
And I'm the real Miss Luo
Yes, yes, yes.
I can attest to Los Angeles, he's a village girl